[Music]
once upon a time in the not-too-distant
future America was at war with itself
and where there is war there are
casualties senator this is Michael
Lawson he's gonna be working for us well
welcome aboard Michael thank you sir
what do you do for my father not sure
but I could learn a lot from the man you
have to find your place and you might as
well be sitting with the big boys that's
more money than you've seen in your
whole life
be careful these aren't Boy Scouts you
do
you have a future if you wanted but are
you willing to make the necessary
sacrifices
[Music]
in this city I just wish more people
knew how easy it was to get this video
the only thing more dangerous in this
little box is the real DC and it's gonna
stay in that box then hiding the truth
we've got something I'm selling to the
highest bidder a little nothing on
camera is going public with it what do
you want I'm willing to pay you have to
promise to never hurt my father I don't
think I can do this eh you'll do this
until I say stop
I want to know more about your friends a
flash drive that the only one Michael
get rid of her david korn sweat
for a birch
David James Elliot
with Mimi Rogers you don't know what
you're dealing with and Adrian Grenier
we play this right we always we need to
lead no no you need to be that Drive
where is he I was hoping you could tell
me
everything always gets cleaned up around
here don't you know affairs of state we
are gonna be first family
[Music]